[Music]
should you or shouldn't you the hardest
morality test ever some choices are
pretty easy coffee or tea fries or onion
rings boxers or briefs others however
are so hard that they seem almost
impossible to make we're specifically
talking about moral dilemmas here when
both options just seems so unfair or
undesirable but something's got to be
done
so get ready and calibrate your moral
compass because we've prepared the
hardest test ever it's full of moral
dilemmas and the way you solve them can
speak volumes about your personality
after each question you'll have 10
seconds to mull the situation over and
come to a decision
write down the letter of the answer you
choose a or B to find out your results
at the end of the video and remember
this is just a quiz and not some session
with a professional psychologist or
anything hey it's just me so don't take
it too seriously okay number one a
runaway train imagine that you're the
conductor of a train that you've
suddenly lost control of and is about to
crash into a group of five innocent
bystanders totally unaware of their
impending doom they'll definitely be
killed by the impact unless you throw a
switch that can divert the Train to
another track but in this case it would
run over an unsuspecting man who's
sleeping on the rails would you be able
to throw the switch a yes easily B mmm
no way I couldn't possibly do that with
a clean conscience starting off strong I
see
dang what a tough choice perhaps those
five people will notice the train and
get out of harm's way should you risk it
you've got ten seconds to decide
number two a trolley out of control
a streetcar is out of control and
speeding towards a group of seven people
now okay sounds familiar
being on an overhead footbridge you're
not in danger you see a big bulky guy
standing next to you and you realize
that if you push the man onto the track
below the footbridge it'll stop the
trolley however the man will surely die
on the other hand you'll save seven
innocent people would you sacrifice one
life for seven a I do it without
hesitation B I just couldn't take a life
even if it meant saving seven other
people well they're not called moral
dilemmas for nothing what's the right
thing to do here if 10 seconds isn't
enough to solve this problem you can
always pause the video
[Music]
number three a judge's dilemma you are
the judge at a trial of a bank robber
who is in fact innocent and you know it
for sure
but at the moment the enemies of the
accused have kidnapped your six-year-old
daughter and are demanding that you
convict the robber in return for her
freedom you have no idea where they're
keeping her and the police can't figure
it out as well you're a nervous wreck
and can't help but think that the
kidnappers will or already are abusing
your child would you convict the
innocent man to save your daughter eh I
would never convict an innocent person
I'd try to find another way to save my
child B huh in a heartbeat
it's twice as difficult when a child
especially your own is involved which
alternative is your heart telling you to
pick
[Music]
number four your best friend's wedding
you've been invited to your best
friend's big day two hours before the
ceremony is supposed to start you notice
your friend's future spouse sneaking out
of some storage room with another guest
they both look thoroughly to shovel and
you realize that they're having an
affair and here comes the dilemma if you
tell your friend what you found out
their perfect day will be completely
ruined at the same time how can you
allow your friend to marry somebody who
is unfaithful what would you do in such
a situation a I tell my friend about the
affair everybody deserves to know the
truth B yeah I wouldn't say anything
after all my job is to support my
friends new beginnings plus I could be
mistaken it's not a life-or-death choice
yeah we need a break from those but it's
still a tough one to make a friend
unhappy but aware or keep them
blissfully ignorant
[Music]
number five
reporting robin hood you've witnessed a
crime a man robbed a bank and got away
with it however he doesn't keep the
money for himself he instead donates it
to an orphanage that's on the verge of
bankruptcy after his donation the
orphanages management can buy clothes
books medicine and food for the kids
well you know who committed the crime
but you also know that if you go to the
police the money will most likely be
returned to the bank and the orphans
won't get what they desperately need so
what do you do a a crime is a crime
after all I'd turn the robber into the
police bee this money was used for a
noble purpose I'd keep my silence which
side will your moral compass take no one
said this would be easy
number six a car crash and a killed
pedestrian you're on your way home from
work one evening when you get into an
accident with another car even worse
you've also hit and killed a pedestrian
however as you're about to get out of
your car the driver of the other vehicle
a shot woman in tears runs toward you
having heard her hysterical account of
the event you realized that the woman is
absolutely convinced that it was she who
killed the pedestrian even though you
know that you were responsible hey
there's nobody around only the two of
you you understand that the person found
guilty will of course be sent to prison
knowing that are you ready to own up to
it eh I would confess that it was my
fault how could I live knowing that an
innocent person was convicted for
something I did B I had let the woman
take the fall I don't want to go to
prison and spend years away from my
family plus maybe it really was her
fault well are you ready to face the
music or are you gonna dodge this bullet
choices choices
we have one more question for you and
it's the toughest one of all but before
we throw it your way let's check the
results of this impossible test Moraes
if you chose mores than bees it means
that you're a person who has a strict
moral code and you try to stick to your
principles no matter what you tend to
thoroughly analyze a situation and
choose the option that would be
beneficial for more people even if it
wouldn't be for you personally more bees
if you chose more bees you usually make
decisions under the influence of your
emotions you're not very able to act
according to commonly accepted moral
rules if the situation feels too
personal to you bonus who would you save
all right listen up imagine you're
standing on the bank of a rushing
mountain river during a flood the rapids
are pulling your significant other your
family member and a briefcase with five
million dollars in it underwater who or
what will you say you have only one
rescue attempt and 10 seconds to decide
what is most important for you I see you
guys taking the money yeah you I see you
alright
the situation isn't so straightforward
it depends on your relationship with the
people who are drowning unless we're
talking about real soulmates
most people would choose their family
member they are your own flesh and blood
well you'll never know where your
relationship with your partner will lead
and if you've chosen to save the case
full of money well something in your
life has gone wrong that's definitely
something worth considering so do you
agree with your results which dilemma
was the most difficult for you let us
know about it in the comment section
below and don't forget to click
subscribe to be sure you don't miss our
updates or new videos see you right back
here for more on the bright side of life